Overall, the application built for this project achieves the goal of assisting first-year engineering students in learning the principles of logic gates through VR and the primary three learning styles. This application can also be made available in a mobile version for these pupils to utilize as a learning tool at home. The most difficult part was constructing the application's basic components, but once these foundations were in place, the rest of the application's development went relatively smoothly. If a longer period had been available for this project, it would have been utilized to develop levels that covered all the logic gates, followed by a final level with a vast map that covered all of the logic gates, allowing the game to end. Instead of having a character spawn randomly on a map, a tale would have been constructed for the character in the game to make it more appealing to the user. Another feature that may have been created is the ability for students to create custom maps by dragging and dropping pre-made structures and pieces into an environment. Students can also use pre-set blueprints to add logical functionality to custom levels, which they can then share with other students to test out. This allows them to experience and wonder which logical gate to use in their custom map, giving them a better understanding, and students who decide to play the custom map get to immerse themselves even more in VR. Another VR future objective is to develop another application that will allow students to build circuits on breadboards with various components, just like they would in a typical lab environment. This might greatly assist students in predesigning circuits in VR and testing out multiple configurations before physically creating the board. This allows students to make numerous mistakes and then create or design an actual circuit board and have it manufactured once they have a working solution. This project has also helped me understand a lot more about VR and how the VR space works, which has been especially useful with the rise of the Metaverse and virtual space, and this project served as an introduction to the Web 3.0 area. The project assisted with several non-technical difficulties, such as time management and how to operate with limited resources. So, not only did the project achieve its goal of educating first-year engineering students about logic gates, but the application also has a plan and numerous other development possibilities.